1.What are the key features of Terraform?
Answer : Terraform helps you manage all of your infrastructures as code and construct it as and when needed.
Here are its key main features:
--> A console that allows users to observe functions 
--> The ability to translate HCL code into JSON format
--> A configuration language that supports interpolation 
--> A module count that keeps track of the number of modules applied to the infrastructure.

2.Define IAC?
Answer : IAC or Infrastructure as Code allows you to build, change, and manage your infrastructure through coding instead of manual processes.
The configuration files are created according to your infrastructure specifications and these configurations can be edited and distributed securely within an organization.

3.What is Terraform init?
Answer : Terraform initis a control to initialize an operational index that contains Terraform pattern files. 
This control can be looped multiple times. It is the first command that should be run after writing the new Terraform design.

4.Define null resource in Terraform? 
Answer : null_resource implements stathe ndard resource library, but no further action is taken. The triggers argument allows an arbitrary set of values that will cause the replacement of resources when changed Terraformpg. 


5.Explain the uses of Terraform CLI and list some basic CLI commands?
Answer : The Terraform Command-Line Interface (CLI) is used to manage infrastructure and interact with Terraform state, configuration files, providers, etc.Some basic CLI commands are :
terraform init -prepares your working directory for other commands
terraform destroy -destroys the previously-created infrastructure
terraform validate -check whether the configuration is valid
terraform apply -creates or updates the infrastructure
terraform plan -shows changes needed by the current configuration

6.What are modules in Terraform?
Answer A jug for numerous resources that are used jointly is known as a module in Terraform. The root module includes resources mentioned in the .tf files and is required for every Terraform.7.Name some major features of Terraform?Some of them are:Execution PlanChange AutomationResource GraphInfrastructure as code8.Explain the command terraform validate in the context of Terraform.The terraform validate command examines the configuration files in a directory, concentrating solely on the configuration and ignoring any external services such as remote state, provider APIs, and so on. Validate inspects a configuration to determine whether it is syntactically correct and internally consistent, regardless of variables or current state. As a result, it’s best for general reusable module verification, such as confirming the validity of attribute names and value types. This command can be executed automatically, such as a post-save check in a 
Terraformpg. 3text editor or a test step in a continuous integration system for a reusable module.9.Explain the workflow of the core terraform.Terraform’s core workflow has three steps:Write –Create infrastructurein the form of code.Plan –Plan ahead of time to see how the changes will look before they are implemented.Apply –Create a repeatable infrastructure.10.What is the benefit of Terraform State?The Terraform State allows Terraform to map real-world resources to your configuration, keep track of metadata, and improve performance when planning changes for complex infrastructures. It is a critical component of Terraform.
